The description for this 100-point web challenge reads:
"In the year 2337 we finally secured the WEB! Now we have headers for anything you want. Everybody can make their site secure just by setting ALL the headers on the server.

I just ported a demo page from the future to your time, so you can look how wonderful it is!

http://wonder.task.school-ctf.org"

Clearly, this task is going to be about headers. After browsing to the URL and intercepting the GET request with a proxy, I didn't see anything unusual
being sent, so I tried looking at the server response. It has quite a few interesting headers set, and given that the webpage has nothing immediately interesting,
it seems like the place to start.
This is the full response:

<code>
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Server: nginx/1.4.6 (Ubuntu)
Date: Sun, 06 Nov 2016 22:6:36 GMT
Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8
Connection: close
Content-Meaning: none; flag-part-number=5 part-content=54f3};
X-XSS-Protection: -1; mode=ignoreheader
Content-Security-Policy: real-strict-dynamic
X-FRAME-Restrict: minhsize:100px; minvsize:100px; readable
X-Frame-Options: SAMEORIGIN
X-Content-Config: blink-origin-in-addressbar, disable-addressbar-copy-paste, disable-javascript-history-api
X-Header: meaning=none;
X-Nikita-Please-Add-This-Header: False
X-Order-To-KFC: order=coffee; order=fried-potato; transport=SASHA
Set-cookie: uselessCookie=uselessVal; Secure; StoreEncrypted=1; ExtensionsCanRead=0; DeleteOnBrowserExit=1l
X-If-You-Read-This-Join-Tomsk-State-University: additional-points=5; url=http://www.fpmk.tsu.ru/node/474;
Strict-Transport-Security-I-Broke-Something-Please-Downgrade-If-Error: 1
Browser-Restrict: openInNewTab=false; noRefererFromHere=1
X-Bug-Bounty: openRedirects=false; logoutCSRF=false; selfXSS=false;
Check-CDN-Revocation-List: 1; ignoreIfError;
Allow-Siri-Google-Cortana-Search-Clients: 1
Y-Toilet-Papper-Compatibility: allow
Task: category=joy; ucucuga=sure; encoding=none; justString=true; flagPresent=1; flagPart2=17; flagPart4=b3
X-Do-Not-Link-From-These-Sites: /blacklist.txt
X-Super-Hero-Status: False
Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=31536000000000000
X-Mouse-Disable-Click-After-Page: 3 secodns
X-ShellShock-vector: (){;}; echo "Want flag?"; python -c 'part3="77316c6c"; print part3.decode("hex")'
X-Window-Restrictions: disallow-from-window-open
Anti-HPKP-Suicide: ignoreAfter=6000000
X-Ignore-CSP-Whitelists: 1
Flag-Security-Policy: headers, ecnryption=none,
X-XXX-Movie: url=goo.gl/0kGizJ
X-Papper-Compatibility: disallow
Flag-First-Part-Is-Here: encoding=base64; part1=U2Nob29sQ1RGezUwbTNkNHk=;
Flag-Parts-Connector: character=_; charCode=95; hexCharCode=0x5f;
Content-Length: 3165
</code>

Wow! That's lengthy. Glancing through it, it's apparent that the flag has been broken into parts. The parts marked 5, 2 and 4 are all
just strings. Part 3 gives us a short python command to decode a hex value, which gives us the value <strong>w1ll</strong> after decoding.
Lastly, we've git some content encoded in base64 in the header toward the bottom marked <strong>Flag-First-Part-Is-Here:</strong>.
Decoding that yields the value <strong>SchoolCTF{50m3d4y</strong>

There's one more trick to this, which is the header at the bottom that reads <strong>Flag-Parts-Connector:</strong>. It provides an underscore,
which tells us that we should just separate the parts with underscores when we reassemble the flag. So our final result is:

<code>SchoolCTF{50m3d4y_17_w1ll_b3_54f3}</code>

